Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In the previous video we worked on the data set pre processing on the C4 10 data set and in this video
we are going to define the model compile it train it and evaluated since this is not the core of this
section.
I just copy and paste the code from the convolution on neural networks section of this course.
Now let's take a minute to see how we define the model what they are territories what how to compile
the model What arguments did we use and so on for the model we started by defining two convolution layers
each with thirty two filters followed by Max pooling layer to decrease the shape of the input by two
after that we did the same thing two more coalition of layers but this time each had 64 filters and
again followed by Max pulling layer to decrease the INPUT SIZE even further after our convolution all
part of the network we used flattening layer to victories the input before we use dense layers for the
classification in the dance part of the network we have two layers one hidden layer which has 128 units
we activation the value.
And finally our output layer which 10 units because we have 10 classes in our data set and activation
here is solved Max.
Now it's time to compile the model for the optimizer we are using Adam which is just another version
of stochastic gradient descent for our last function we are using sparse categorical cross entropy since
we don't have one hot encoding version of our targets and finally for our metrics we are using accuracy
by the sparse version of it now we have everything to begin the training process in the fifth function
we are providing X train for our images and Y train for our targets for the batch size we chose 128
and finally for epochs just set it to 10 the training process will take a while so I'll skip to the
end of it and welcome back to the lesson.
As you can see the final accuracy for the training set is eighty nine percent let's evaluate the model
to track the accuracy on the test set execute excel and as you can see we have seventy four percent
on the test set let's execute the next cell for better visualization of the accuracy score and we have
accuracy of almost 74 percent which is excellent for these data set and the model is now ready to be
deployed to a server if you have any questions or comments please pause them in the comments section
otherwise see in the next tutorial.